Is your idea of living on the edge, planning only 3 days ahead instead of a week?
Is 'Go with the Flow' your middle name?
Are deadlines more of a suggestion than a requirement for you?
Is 'organized chaos' an accurate description of your workspace or living space?
Are you more likely to wing your toast at a wedding rather than prepare one?
Do you consider scheduling and routine a form of modern-day torture?
Do you think that the word 'spontaneous' is way sexier than 'predictable'?
Do you believe that the best things in life are unplanned?
Are you more likely to fall in love with a wanderer than a planner?
Would you rather break the rules than follow the instruction manual?
Do you find 'going with the flow' more appealing than 'sticking to a plan'?
Do you thrive on variety and think routines are for robots?
Do you think the best part of a plan is ditching it for something better?
Ever find yourself daydreaming about the weekend on a Monday morning?
Ever found yourself trying on 10 outfits before a casual coffee date?
Is your to-do list more of a 'maybe, someday' list?
Is your idea of a wild night out... doing laundry?
Is planning your next vacation more exciting than dreaming about telekinesis?
Is people-watching your idea of a spectator sport?
Are you the 'we'll cross that bridge when we get to it' type?
Is daydreaming your favorite hobby?
Do you believe the movie 'Inception' is a documentary in disguise?
Does the phrase 'think outside the box' make you roll your eyes because, for you, what box?"
If your life was a movie, would it be more of a dreamy indie flick than a clear-cut documentary?
When making plans, are you more of a 'I'll see where the wind takes me' rather than 'let's plan this down to the minute' person?
Can you handle a partner who'll sing in the shower, off-tune, every single day?
Is your type more 'has their life together' than 'makes life interesting'?
Would you embrace the chaos of dating a serial plant killer?
Are you prepared to share your fries with a partner who always "isn't hungry" but still wants a bite?
Are you okay with dating someone whose guilty pleasure is 2000's boy bands?
Could you fall for someone who uses Yoda quotes to give life advice?
Would you like someone who's equally excited about Sunday brunch and Monday night football?
Do you think you could build a solid relationship on a foundation of dad jokes?
Is your idea of a hot date a competitive round of mini-golf followed by some street food?
Do you dream of a partner who can challenge you in Mario Kart and still let you win?
Could you be wooed by someone who belts out pop ballads in karaoke without a hint of shame?
Do you crave a partner who's more 'bring me coffee in bed' than 'meet my parents'?
Could you vibe with someone whose idea of dressing up is changing into their fancy sweatpants?
Do you crave a soulmate who considers 'adventurous' to be an understatement?
Are you open to finding someone who actually enjoys doing laundry?
Are you on a mission to find someone who appreciates your shower thoughts?
Do you wish for a partner who knows Hogwarts Houses are way more than just fiction?
Your date wants to move in after three weeks. Sound like a dream come true?
Are your thoughts about relationships more '50 Shades' than '50 First Dates'?
Would you rather receive a package from that adult store downtown than a bouquet of roses?
Have you ever played strip poker?
Are you into romance novels?
Is your perfect date night less about candlelit dinners and more about tangled sheets?
Does your idea of a 'deep connection' involve less soul-searching and more body exploring?
Is your preferred way to 'know someone' less about their favorite color and more about their underwear color?
Do you believe the best conversations happen with your clothes on the floor?
Would you ever buy lingerie or briefs as a gift?
Is talking about sex on a first date a no-no?
Do you consider "50 Shades of Grey" to be a beginner's guide?
Could a 'how to' book about sex be an intriguing coffee table accessory?
Ever used food in the bedroom... aside from breakfast in bed?
Would you discuss your turn-ons before you know their middle name?
Could you forgive someone who never puts their shopping cart back in the right place?
Do you think not liking guacamole is a character flaw?
Is it acceptable to break up over a text message?
Can you truly trust someone who doesn't like dogs?
Does a shared Netflix password imply commitment?
Do you use "please" and "thank you" when speaking with ChatGPT?
Would you consider dating someone who's never heard of Reddit?
Do you mind dating someone who can't distinguish between "your" and "you're"?
If your life was a reality show, would it get good ratings?
Would you date someone who insists that hot dogs are a type of sandwich?
Can you handle dating someone whose pet iguana is their best friend?
Have you ever given a fake phone number to someone you're not into?
Could you fall for someone who doesn't believe in the moon landing?
Would you entertain a romantic relationship with someone who's never watched a single episode of "Friends"?
Can you handle a partner who believes dinosaurs helped build the pyramids?
Is it acceptable to break up via text after the third date?
Could you date someone who refuses to use deodorant because it's not "natural"?
Would you still date someone who uses "irregardless" in a sentence?
Is it okay to date someone who thinks the 'Game of Thrones' finale was the best TV ever?
Would you end a relationship if your partner proudly claims they've never seen Star Wars?
Could you love someone who insists on pronouncing "GIF" the wrong way?
Would you dump someone for preferring DC over Marvel (or vice versa)?
Do you ever worry that your ex's new partner is actually an upgrade?
Would you date someone whose idea of a fun date is a trip to IKEA?
Imagine you stumble upon your partner's blog dedicated to conspiracy theories. Would you call it quits?
If your date's ringtone was the 'Baby Shark' song, would you reconsider a second date?
Do you have a good poker face?
Is "playing dumb" a fair move if it gives you the upper hand in an argument?
Do you believe that sometimes, lying is necessary to maintain a peaceful relationship?
Would you mind if your partner kept a few secrets, as long as they were for your own good?
Is keeping your cards close to your chest the best strategy in a relationship?
Would you tolerate your partner being a little manipulative if it's just to avoid unnecessary drama?
Do you believe it's okay to be strategic, even in love?
Is it alright to bend the truth if it serves a greater good in your relationship?
